[Music]
we're on the first of the Cornish
crabber 24s mark 5 this is an all-new
design that although it's still a very
traditional style brings a lot of
advances in both design and construction
so it's a lighter boats than princesses
which translates to it being easier to
handle and also makes it an attractive
price it's still built to a high
standards with a good specification of
equipment including a carbon lasts as a
standard that makes it very easy to
raise and lower and there's an inboard
diesel engine on deck even though it's a
relatively small boat you've got got a
really big generous sized cockpit here
and there's more space below decks
the interior is well executed with a
layout that works really well within the
space
there's berths for 4 people so are
doubling the forepeak when you lift up
this backrest and the SETI's extends
underneath and there's also a lot of
space for kit bags underneath that front
bunk and gets them out of the way so
also a proper galley aft by the hatch
and a separate heads compartment
[Music]